---
layout: post
title:      "Cody's Reason."
date:       2019-12-12 10:03:03 -0500
permalink:  codys_reason
---


Greetings my name is Cody, I was born and raised in Brooklyn and computers have always been a passion of mine. The reason I decided to learn software engineering, would date back to when I graduated High School and I wanted to break into a field in computers. I decided to pursue a career in computers because computers are what I loved the most and I’ve always been a sort of tinkerer. By this time, I was already able to build basic systems from scratch from researching YouTube videos and trial and error of my own. I decided to go to college for Computer Engineering Technology so I can get a basic understand of both hardware and software so when I graduate, I could decide my direction. When I graduated in 2018 with a bachelors, I noticed that I would have to get certifications in order to break into the I.T field which was a little discouraging because I already spent thousands of dollars and years of my life learning things to just have to pay for another test and find out what I learned in school isn’t even close to what’s on these test. My first job in a sort of I.T setting was working for Geek Squad where I got a little taste of what I could be possibly doing, and I noticed that it wasn’t really for me. So, moving forward I took a little time off and weighted my options. A friend of mine who did a bootcamp for software engineering and got a job weeks after finishing the program told me about his success. Taking his advice, I investigated some bootcamps of my own and here I am. I’m fully committed to putting what little knowledge I have and learning more so I can do Flatiron justice as well as break into the field as a Software engineer. Coding has always been a sort of passion of mine, so I’m excited to be here and ready to move forward.
